content/page/tools/index.md, before:

---
title: TOOLS
description: "tools and products i use and enjoy. feel free to use those referral links."

menu:
  main:
    weight: 50
    params:
      icon: settings-heart

comments: false
readingTime: false
license: false

links:
  - title: Notion
    description: Advanced business and personal documentation tool 
    website: https://affiliate.notion.so/1ar
    image: /images/logo-notion.png
  - title: Wise
    description: International money transfers with low fees, tracking and humane UI (one fee-free transfer up to €500)
    website: https://wise.com/invite/dic/pavell157
    image: /images/logo-wise.png
  - title: Klarna
    description: Banking midlayer with 3% saving accounts, payouts monthly (10€ on your account)
    website: https://invite.klarna.com/de/ag3cbt5z/default-de-web
    image: /images/logo-klarna.png
  - title: Blinkist
    description: Books summaries as text and/or audio (1 extra week of trial period)
    website: http://blinki.st/9186eb921cfe
    image: /images/logo-blinkist.png
  - title: On Running
    description: Athletic gear and sneakers (10% off for your purchase)
    website: http://fbuy.me/v/amichaelmorr
    image: /images/logo-onrunning.png
  - title: Surfshark
    description: VPN service with unlimited amount of simultaneously active clients connections (+30 days to any subscription plan)
    website: https://surfshark.club/friend/hdzrYxTX
    image: /images/logo-surfshark.png
  - title: Smartsteuer
    description: Tax declaration service for Germany (5€ off for your tax declaration)
    website: https://www.smartsteuer.de/kwk/?ref=428123
    image: /images/logo-smartsteuer.png
  - title: Scalable Capital
    description: trade ETF, stocks and crypto on web or via app
    website: https://de.scalable.capital/en/invitation/bn99vp
    image: /images/logo-scalable.png
  - title: Trade Republic
    description: trade ETF, stocks and crypto on web or via app
    website: https://ref.trade.re/scg22m9z
    image: /images/logo-traderepublic.png

---

Commit message:

Add Arc Browser to tools page

content/page/tools/index.md, after:

---
title: TOOLS
description: "tools and products i use and enjoy. feel free to use those referral links."

menu:
  main:
    weight: 50
    params:
      icon: settings-heart

comments: false
readingTime: false
license: false

links:
  - title: Notion
    description: Advanced business and personal documentation tool 
    website: https://affiliate.notion.so/1ar
    image: /images/logo-notion.png
  - title: Arc Browser
    description: Truly innovative browser with lots of productivity and AI-powered features.
    website: https://arc.net/gift/3542e4e9
    image: /images/logo-arc.png
  - title: Wise
    description: International money transfers with low fees, tracking and humane UI (one fee-free transfer up to €500)
    website: https://wise.com/invite/dic/pavell157
    image: /images/logo-wise.png
  - title: Klarna
    description: Banking midlayer with 3% saving accounts, payouts monthly (10€ on your account)
    website: https://invite.klarna.com/de/ag3cbt5z/default-de-web
    image: /images/logo-klarna.png
  - title: Blinkist
    description: Books summaries as text and/or audio (1 extra week of trial period)
    website: http://blinki.st/9186eb921cfe
    image: /images/logo-blinkist.png
  - title: On Running
    description: Athletic gear and sneakers (10% off for your purchase)
    website: http://fbuy.me/v/amichaelmorr
    image: /images/logo-onrunning.png
  - title: Surfshark
    description: VPN service with unlimited amount of simultaneously active clients connections (+30 days to any subscription plan)
    website: https://surfshark.club/friend/hdzrYxTX
    image: /images/logo-surfshark.png
  - title: Smartsteuer
    description: Tax declaration service for Germany (5€ off for your tax declaration)
    website: https://www.smartsteuer.de/kwk/?ref=428123
    image: /images/logo-smartsteuer.png
  - title: Scalable Capital
    description: trade ETF, stocks and crypto on web or via app
    website: https://de.scalable.capital/en/invitation/bn99vp
    image: /images/logo-scalable.png
  - title: Trade Republic
    description: trade ETF, stocks and crypto on web or via app
    website: https://ref.trade.re/scg22m9z
    image: /images/logo-traderepublic.png

---
